---
created: 2025-11-15 04:44
modified: 2025-11-15 04:44
tags:
  - daily
  - journal
hubs:
  - "[[hubs/daily|daily]]"
---

# 2025-11-15

## Timeline
- 04:00AM: Woke up for Tahajjud today as well. Waking and staying awake has gotten easier. The sleep routine is working. But I gotta read up on light exposure effect on sleep one of these days.
- 04:45AM: Gonna read Omrah rules and create some flash cards.
- 05:30AM: Going to pray Fajr.
- 06:07AM: Wifey woke up. I made us some coffee. Gonna study together for a bit.
- 06:56AM: Wrapping up Omrah study for today. Gonna pray Ishraq salah. Then have breakfast. Will be back at 8:30AM to fill up some phd application stuff.
- 07:53AM: Probably made an impromptu purchase, bought the "Smart Contact Reminder Premium" application. It's mainly gonna remind to stay in contact with people I know and care about. I'm terrible at staying in contact with people. Hopefully this changes that.
- 08:40AM: Spent the last 40~ish minutes setting up the app. Pretty great. Added Birthdays and Anniversaries to close friends and family members. Gotta add some more people but for now this is good enough. Gonna work on PhD applications now.
- 09:23AM: Finished creating all the university accounts for PhD application. Filled in basic information as well.
- 10:54AM: Mostly did some small things like chatting with friends, eat ice cream, download some books on sleep and skin care. When will I read these? I don't know. Hopefully after the Omrah.

## Comments

---
*Yesterday: [[2025-11-14]]*
*Tomorrow: [[2025-11-16]]*
*Week: [[2025-W46]]*
*Month: [[2025-11]]*