---
created: 2025-11-13 04:31
modified: 2025-11-13 04:31
tags:
  - daily
  - journal
hubs:
  - "[[hubs/daily|daily]]"
---

# 2025-11-13

## Timeline
- 03:45AM: Woke up without alarm feeling refreshed. Implemented a few things from [[Optimize Sleep Quality for Busy Schedules]]. Mainly,
	  - No screen 1 hour before bed
	  - No bright lights 1 hour before bed
- 04:00AM: Took a [[Fard Ghusl|Fard shower]] and said my [[Tahajjud prayer]].
- 04:33AM: Sat down to read about omrah. Gonna study for the next hour until [[2025-10-30_Fajr-prayer|Fajr]].
- 04:58AM: Finished taking notes for [[Tawaf-e-Omrah]].
- 05:45AM: [[2025-10-30_Fajr-prayer|Fajr prayer]] performed at mosque. Got back and going to continue reading Omrah rules and taking notes for an hour.
- 07:04AM: Finished reading rules of Omrah. Just gotta memorize the steps and recite the duas a few times. Also read up on sleep a bit more. Gonna pray [[Salatul Ishraq]] now.
- 08:48AM: Prayed, had breakfast, talked with Wife about some things. Now going to work on creating a [[Master SOP for PhD Application]]. Here's what I plan to do for the next 3~ish deep work sessions:
	  - ~~[ ] Find my old Master's SOP template~~ (Deleted it probably)
	  - [x] Read the PhD SOP guidelines from WriteIvy.
	  - [x] Draft a master SOP using what I learnt from WriteIvy. Use AI assistance
		  - [x] Answered the 4 important questions
		  - [x] Wrote pragraphs for "why this topic" and "why I am ready"
- 15:09PM: Went out with wifey and mum to checkout the plant nursery nearby. Had lunch outside at MadChef. Dad joined us there. Like a little family outing. Gonna try and fill out some phd applications now.
- 16:09PM: Prayed [[2025-10-30_Asr-prayer|Asr]]. Filled out UTD and JHU application basic information.
- 17:33PM: Prayed [[2025-10-30_Magrib-prayer|Magrib]]. Started filling out application form for UC Boulder.

## Comments

---
*Yesterday: [[2025-11-12]]*
*Tomorrow: [[2025-11-14]]*
*Week: [[2025-W46]]*
*Month: [[2025-11]]*